Add a directory of levels that contain the configuration for each level
e.g. object placement, number of tiles
DONE

Create a level manager that is running and can load int the next level DONE
The level manager can return the obstacle locations for the level to help with colisions DONE
 
Create a super class for objects DONE
size, can stop player, can hurt player, can move DONE

Create different types of object DONE
block, platform, moving platform, spike SOME DONE

To help build the levels - add logs that let me use level creator to log x:y when a tile is placed

BUG: Need to fine tune the right side collision as for some reason hits ceiling is logged when falling down right wall 

Expose the variables in the browser and tweak them on the fly to find the perfect setting - DONE!

stand still jump should be lower than running jump add a jump scaling factor that increases with speed (or use current speed!) DONE

Notes:
The reason to use collision line and rectangle is to allow different actions to be occur based on which side of the object is hit




Fixed by not using the collide library

should tidy up the code I have added DONE

Also generic collide for goal is not working FIXED

Also need to disable being able to draw a block on player 
- Will need to update the block manager with logic DONE
- use modulus to snap the mouse position back to x,y of grid block. Then run a collide with character and don't draw if true DONE
- add a sound for this (so player knows can't draw) TRIED THIS AND WAS WEIRD (MAYBE TRY AGAIN LATER WITH FUNNY SOUND)

- Starting to notice slow down with collision detection. Can add a check on location to see if worth doing full collision check. FIXED



GRAVITY 

- On the jump ascent, jump strength should set the initial y speed DONE

- If the player is moving in an x direction - this should boost the jump strength DONE

- If the player stationary - once in air - the ability to change x movement should be limited

- If a player is moving in x direction - this momentum should be continued to the jump

- There should be a jumpSpeed used for ascent of jump DONE

- There should be a fallSpeed used for descent of jump and for falling DONE

- The jumpSpeed should decrease by gravity every frame DONE

- Gravity should start at 0 for jump and increase by gravity strength every frame DONE

- The fallSpeed should increase by gravity every frame DONE

- Gravity should start at 0 for fall and increase by gravity strength every frame DONE

OTHER
- Shrink the top collision to allow jumping from edge when at end of a block tunnel DONE
- Disable the top collision that pushed you down when player is on the ground FIXED BY REDUCING WIDTH OF TOP COLLISION
- Calulate left/right collisions first before doing top (this might removed need for previous action)



After next push - update the project to typescript if easy
and refactor code to make it use typescript features



I think the collision square around breakable rocks should be made smaller to ensure block boy is fully in the surroudning tiles before it can be broke
I think make the collison block width 2 blocks instead of 3 (test it)
DONE

for some reason the score is staying after completing the game
FIXED

I have broken the start of game with the main mouse released function
FIXED

Spiral level needs more time
DONE

As does the original last level
DONE

make the spike death box smaller and more fair
DONE (can be tweaked further now if needed)

Need to make more levels
Don't worry about repeating ideas - players wont be thinking this if the levels are short and quick
Use the nintendo method - introduce a concept and then expand
1. first wave of levels should just explore the draw/remove block features
2. Second wave of levels should just explore the the spikes
3. Third wave of levels should explore the friendly spikes
4. Fourth wave of levels should explore the rock breaking feature
5. The last wave of levels should mix all components and be the most challenging levels

Is there a missing mechanic that will open the game possibilities up more?
power up? Type of enemy? Moving spikes?




Maybe just have the music playing constantly
DONE

On the level that has first friednly 
Chage yellow block to purple spike
DONE

Needs to be more time on the gameover and win game screens to take note of your final score
ADDED AN ALERT TO SHOW SCORE AS TEMP FIX
